Clarify GitLab cloud and self-hosted variants in Enterprise Integrations (#576)
All-Hands-AI/docs: enterprise/index.mdx

OpenHands Enterprise integrates with your existing enterprise ecosystem:

- **Identity & Access**: Enterprise SAML/SSO for centralized authentication
- **Source Control**: GitHub Enterprise, GitLab (gitlab.com), GitLab Self-Hosted, [Azure Repos](/enterprise/integrations/azure-devops), and [Bitbucket Data Center](/enterprise/integrations/bitbucket-data-center)
- **Project Management**: Azure Boards through [Azure DevOps](/enterprise/integrations/azure-devops), [Jira Data Center](/enterprise/integrations/jira-data-center), and other ticketing systems
- **Communication**: Slack integration for notifications and workflows

> <Note>
>   GitLab Self-Hosted integration is available on OpenHands Enterprise only and is not supported on OpenHands Cloud (SaaS).
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
  GitLab Self-Hosted integrations, Bitbucket Data Center integrations, and Jira Data Center integrations are available on OpenHands Enterprise only and is not supported on OpenHands Cloud (SaaS).
</Note>
```
